README.md, before:

# SBML.jl

| Build status | Documentation |
|:---:|:---:|
| ![CI](https://github.com/LCSB-BioCore/SBML.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master) | [![doc](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue)](https://lcsb-biocore.github.io/SBML.jl/stable) |


This is a simple wrap of some of the libSBML functionality, mainly the model loading for purposes of COBRA analysis methods.

Other functionality will be added as needed. Feel free to submit a PR that increases the loading "coverage".

#### Acknowledgements

`SBML.jl` was developed at the Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine of the
University of Luxembourg ([uni.lu/lcsb](https://www.uni.lu/lcsb)). The
development was supported by European Union's Horizon 2020 Programme under
PerMedCoE project ([permedcoe.eu](https://www.permedcoe.eu/)) agreement no.
951773.

<img src="docs/src/assets/unilu.svg" alt="Uni.lu logo" height="64px">   <img src="docs/src/assets/lcsb.svg" alt="LCSB logo" height="64px">   <img src="docs/src/assets/permedcoe.svg" alt="PerMedCoE logo" height="64px">

## Installation

```julia
]add SBML # or
using Pkg; Pkg.add("SBML")
```

## Usage

```julia
using SBML
m = readSBML("myModel.xml")

# m is now a Model structure with:
m.reactions
m.species
m.compartments
...
```

There are several helper functions, for example you can get a nice list of reactions, metabolites and the stoichiometric matrix as follows:

```julia
mets, rxns, S = getS(m)
```

If you are looking to use dynamic SBML models with the Julia DifferentialEquations ecosystem, please refer to [SBMLToolkit.jl](https://github.com/SciML/SBMLToolkit.jl).

Commit message:

systematize the refs to the other packages

README.md, after:

# SBML.jl

| Build status | Documentation |
|:---:|:---:|
| ![CI](https://github.com/LCSB-BioCore/SBML.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master) | [![doc](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-stable-blue)](https://lcsb-biocore.github.io/SBML.jl/stable) |


This is a simple wrap of some of the libSBML functionality, mainly the model loading for purposes of COBRA analysis methods and exploration of ODE system and reaction dynamics.

You might like to try the packages that use SBML.jl; these now include:

- [COBREXA.jl](https://github.com/LCSB-BioCore/COBREXA.jl), the exascale-ready
  constraint-based analysis and reconstruction toolkit for finding and modeling
  steady metabolic fluxes with the models
- [SBMLToolkit.jl](https://github.com/SciML/SBMLToolkit.jl), for working with
  the reaction dynamics of the models as ODE systems, well connected to the
  [SciML](https://github.com/SciML)
  [ModelingToolkit](https://github.com/SciML/ModelingToolkit.jl) ecosystem.

Other functionality will be added as needed. Feel free to submit a PR that increases the loading "coverage".

#### Acknowledgements

`SBML.jl` was developed at the Luxembourg Centre for Systems Biomedicine of the
University of Luxembourg ([uni.lu/lcsb](https://www.uni.lu/lcsb)). The
development was supported by European Union's Horizon 2020 Programme under
PerMedCoE project ([permedcoe.eu](https://www.permedcoe.eu/)) agreement no.
951773.

<img src="docs/src/assets/unilu.svg" alt="Uni.lu logo" height="64px">   <img src="docs/src/assets/lcsb.svg" alt="LCSB logo" height="64px">   <img src="docs/src/assets/permedcoe.svg" alt="PerMedCoE logo" height="64px">

## Installation

```julia
]add SBML # or
using Pkg; Pkg.add("SBML")
```

## Usage

```julia
using SBML
m = readSBML("myModel.xml")

# m is now a Model structure with:
m.reactions
m.species
m.compartments
...
```

There are several helper functions, for example you can get a nice list of reactions, metabolites and the stoichiometric matrix as follows:

```julia
mets, rxns, S = getS(m)
```
